Ospdo qa comments changes (#815)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_using-new-subnet-ranges.adoc

+
Repeat this configuration for other networks that need to use different subnets for the new and existing parts of the deployment.

> ifeval::["{build}-{build_variant}" == "downstream-ospdo"]

Reviewer: Same comment about ifeval.

Author: ok

> For Director Operator network configurations please consult the documentation.For more information, see link :https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html-single/deploying_an_overcloud_in_a_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_cluster_with_director_operator/index#assembly_creating-networks-with-director-operator[creating-networks-with-director-operator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information about director Operator network configurations, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html-single/deploying_an_overcloud_in_a_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_cluster_with_director_operator/index#assembly_creating-networks-with-director-operator[Creating networks with director Operator] in _Deploying an overcloud in a Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform cluster with director Operator_.
```

Author: ok
